bpo-42861: Add `next_network` function to ipaddress library (#24180)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.10.rst

local and global namespaces.
(Contributed by Batuhan Taskaya in :issue:`41960`.)

ipaddress
---------

> XXX Add :func:`_BaseNetwork.next_network` to support finding the next closest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added :func:`_BaseNetwork.next_network` to support finding the next closest
```

Reviewer 2: I would recommend mentioning the concrete classes, not the private base class.
(but that’s details for later in the review process)

Author: Thank you both for your review, I have removed the `XXX` part and referred to the IPv4Network and IPv6Network concrete classes instead of the private base class.  I have also reworded this description slightly.

local and global namespaces.
(Contributed by Batuhan Taskaya in :issue:`41960`.)

> ipaddress

Reviewer 3: And this should be moved to 3.11
